NAME
Geo::Coder::All - Wrapper to Geocoders 
SYNOPSIS
    use Geo::Coder::All;
    #For google geocoder
    my $google_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new();#geocoder defaults to Geo::Coder::Google::V3
    #You can also use optional params for google api
    my $google_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new(key=>'GMAP_KEY',client=>'GMAP_CLIENT');

    #For Bing
    my $bing_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new(geocoder=>'Bing',key=>'BING_API_KEY');

    #For Ovi
    my $ovi_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new(geocoder=>'Ovi');

    #For OSM
    my $osm_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new(geocoder=>'OSM');

    #For TomTom
    my $tomtom_geocoder = Geo::Coder::All->new(geocoder=>'TomTom');

DESCRIPTION
Geo::Coder::All is wrapper for other geocoder cpan modules such as
Geo::Coder::Google,Geo::Coder::Bing,Geo::Coder::Ovi,Geo::Coder::OSM and
Geo::Coder::TomTom. Geo::Coder::All provides common geocode output
format for all geocoder.

METHODS

geocode

For Google geocoder , we can directly set the different geocoding options when calling geocode and reverse_geocode methods. i.e If you use Geo::Coder::Go    ogle you will have to create new instance every single time you need to change geocoding options 

    $rh_location = $google_geocoder->geocode({location => 'London'});
    #Following will return London from United Kingdom
    #With geocoding options
    #Following will return London from Canada as we used country_code => ca (country_code is ISO 3166-1 )
    $rh_location = $google_geocoder->geocode({location => 'London',language=>'en',country_code=>'ca',encoding=>'utf8',sensor=>1});
    #in spanish
    $rh_location = $google_geocoder->geocode({location => 'London',language=>'es',country_code=>'ca',encoding=>'utf8',sensor=>1});
    #default encodings is set to 'utf8' you can change to other such as 'latin1'
    #You can also set DEGUB=>1 to dump raw response from the geocoder api


You cal also set GMAP_KEY and GMAP_CLIENT directly from geocode/reverse_geocode method and it will just work

reverse_geocode

For Google reverse_geocoder

    $rh_location = $google_geocoder->reverse_geocode({latlng=>'51.508515,-0.1254872',language=>'en',encoding=>'utf8',sensor=>1})
    #in spanish
    $rh_location = $google_geocoder->reverse_geocode({latlng=>'51.508515,-0.1254872',language=>'es',encoding=>'utf8',sensor=>1})


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

	perldoc Geo::Coder::All

Issues
	https://github.com/raigad/geo-coder-all/issues

	

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 Rohit Deshmukh

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

